Add Worker Versioning doc (#1533)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/java/how-to-use-worker-versioning-in-java.md

---
id: how-to-use-worker-versioning-in-java
title: How to use Worker Versioning in Java
sidebar_label: Worker Versioning

> description: Learn how to version your Java Workers by using build-ID based versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Version your Java Workers by using build ID-based versioning
```

tags:
  - java
  - how-to
---

> To make use of Worker Versioning in Java, you will need to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Worker Versioning in Java, you need to do the following:
```

> 1. Determine and assign a Build ID to your built Worker code, and opt in to versioning
> 2. Tell the Task Queue your Worker is listening on about that Build ID, and whether its compatible with an existing Build ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Determine and assign a Build ID to your built Worker code, and opt in to versioning.
2. Tell the Task Queue your Worker is listening on about that Build ID, and whether its compatible with an existing Build ID.
```
Should step 1 be two separate steps?

### Assign a Build ID to your Worker

> Let's say you've chosen `deadbeef` as your Build ID, which might be a short git commit hash (a
> reasonable choice as Build ID). To assign it in your Worker code, you'd assign
> the following Worker Options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you've chosen `deadbeef` as your Build ID, which might be a short git commit hash (a reasonable choice as Build ID).
To assign it in your Worker code, assign the following Worker Options:
```

```java
// ...
WorkerOptions workerOptions = WorkerOptions.newBuilder()
    .setBuildId("deadbeef")
    .setUseBuildIdForVersioning(true)
    // ...
    .build();
Worker w = workerFactory.newWorker("your_task_queue_name", workerOptions);
// ...
```

> That's all you need to do in your Worker code. Importantly, if you start this Worker, it won't
> receive any tasks. That's because you need to tell the Task Queue about your Worker's Build ID
> first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's all you need to do in your Worker code.
Importantly, if you start this Worker, it won't receive any tasks.
That's because you need to tell the Task Queue about your Worker's Build ID first.
```

### Tell the Task Queue about your Worker's Build ID

Now you can use the SDK (or the Temporal CLI) to tell the Task Queue about your Worker's Build ID.

> You might want to do this as part of your CI deployment process. Using the Go SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to do this as part of your CI deployment process.
```

```java
// ...
workflowClient.updateWorkerBuildIdCompatability(
    "your_task_queue_name", BuildIdOperation.newIdInNewDefaultSet("deadbeef"));
```

> This will add the `deadbeef` Build ID to the Task Queue as the sole version in a new version set
> which will be the default for the queue. New Workflows execute on Workers with this ID,
> and existing ones will continue to process by appropriately compatible Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code adds the `deadbeef` Build ID to the Task Queue as the sole version in a new version set, which becomes the default for the queue.
New Workflows execute on Workers with this Build ID, and existing ones will continue to process by appropriately compatible Workers.
```

> If, instead, you wanted to add the Build ID to some existing compatible set, you can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, instead, you want to add the Build ID to an existing compatible set, you can do this:
```

```java
// ...
workflowClient.updateWorkerBuildIdCompatability(
    "your_task_queue_name", BuildIdOperation.newCompatibleVersion("deadbeef", "some-existing-build-id"));
```

> This would add `deadbeef` to the existing compatible set containing `some-existing-build-id`, and
> would mark it as the new default ID for that set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code adds `deadbeef` to the existing compatible set containing `some-existing-build-id` and marks it as the new default Build ID for that set.
```

You can also promote an existing Build ID in a set to be the default for that set:

```java
// ...
workflowClient.updateWorkerBuildIdCompatability(
    "your_task_queue_name", BuildIdOperation.promoteBuildIdWithinSet("deadbeef"));
```

> As well as promote an entire set to become the default set for the queue (thus new Workflows will
> start using that set's default):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also promote an entire set to become the default set for the queue. New Workflows will start using that set's default.
```

```java
// ...
workflowClient.updateWorkerBuildIdCompatability(
    "your_task_queue_name", BuildIdOperation.promoteSetByBuildId("deadbeef"));
```

### Specify versions for Commands

> By default, Activities, Child Workflows, and Continue-as-New use the same compatible version
> set as the Workflow that invoked them if they're also using the same Task Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Activities, Child Workflows, and Continue-as-New use the same compatible version set as the Workflow that invoked them if they're also using the same Task Queue.
```

> If you want to override this behavior, you can specify your intent via the `setVersioningIntent`
> method on the `ActivityOptions`, `ChildWorkflowOptions`, or `ContinueAsNewOptions` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override this behavior, you can specify your intent via the `setVersioningIntent` method on the `ActivityOptions`, `ChildWorkflowOptions`, or `ContinueAsNewOptions` objects.
```

> <!-- Refer to the
> [conceptual documentation](/concepts/what-is-worker-versioning) for more information.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- For more information refer to the [conceptual documentation](/concepts/what-is-worker-versioning). -->
```

> For example, if you wanted to use the latest default version for an Activity, you could define your
> Activity Options like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to use the latest default version for an Activity, you can define your Activity Options like this:
```
